PLUGIN FOR WEBPAGE ANALYSIS


DESCRIPTION: 

This is a plugin which provides analysis of webpage user is currently viewing and  provides a structured summary and major points of the webpage.This plugin also provides the fucntionality of copying the summary generated to users clipboad by simply clicking on the Copy-Text button. 



INSTALLATION:

1.User will have to download the folder (Mayank Pandey_RKGIT_pandey.mayank12345
@gmail.com). 

2.Go the extension page of the web browser and unpack the the downloaded folder.

3.User should switch on the developer mode option to install the extension from outside the webstore.




USAGE:

User can use the extension by simply going to the extension tab while viewing a webpage in the browser and select "Webpage Analysis" extension. This will open a popup where user can choose to summarize the webpage or get major points of the webpage.



FEATURES:

- User can select "Summary" button to get the overall summary of the webpage.

- User can also get Major Points of the webpage by clicking on the "Major Points" button.

- User also has the ability to copy the summary or the major points to their systems clipboard which they can use for further purposes.



KNOWN ISSUES:

This plugin is designed to summarized the text content of the webpage. If a webpage does not have much text or the webpage is significantly dominated by other types of content like photos and videos and does not have text other than major headings then the plugin might not work properly.



AUTHOR:

My name is Mayank Pandey. I was assigned to make this plugin as a project. I like to learn new technologies, solve complex problems and thrive to grow with the community.



ACKNOWLEDGMENTS:

The functionality of providing summary and major points of the webpage is provided by "facebook/bart-large-cnn" model. This model is a part of  hugging face transformers.js library and we use this functionality through API calls which returns the summarized text. This model is fine-tuned on CNN DAILY MAIL.


 
